### Project Structure

- res: some extra files and configuration files, like .txts, images and this README.md
- test: test classes
- src: main source files
  - controller: controllers, which is responsible for using ImageReader to get an Image, using Algorithms on Image and writing the Image. 
  - io: classes related to io, like ImageReader, ImageWriter, ImageGenerator which is a subclass of ImageReader.
  - model: image processing algorithms are implemented here. For now all of them are implemented.
  - util: some definition of internal data representation, like Image and Pixel.
  - view: empty for now.

### Implemented:

1. Generating images
   - horizontal rainbow && vertical rainbow
   - checkerboard
   - France flag
   - Greece flag
   - Switzerland flag
2. Filtering
   - blur
   - sharpen
3. Color transformation
   - Greysacle
   - Sepia tone

### Usage:

	1. Pixel: An interface for a pixel based on ARGB. Though you can store non RGB pixel if you write the transfer function in those methods in interface.
 	2. Image: An interface for an image that supports getHeight(), getWidth(), setPixel(x,y,Pixel) and getPixel(x,y); 
 	3. ImageReader: an interface with a method "read()" which receive no parameter and return a Image. So you can either use a generator here or a file reader.
 	4. ImageCommand: an interface for image processing. It needs to implement a method "execute" which receive an Image and return an Image after processing.
 	5. ImageWriter: An interface for an ImageWriter, it has a method "write" which receive a Image parameter and then write the image to somewhere(depends on you implementation).
 	6. ImageController: A controller for you to integrate these classes more easily. It has a function "run" which receives an ImageReader and an ImageWriter. You can implement your own logic here with the reader and writer.  

Examples: 

+ main function in "Main" in src
+ main function in "TestImageGenerator" in test
+ main function in "TestModel" in test 

### Citation:

1.jpg: Anonymous, "Chinese building",  http://pic.qjimage.com/chineseview051/high/yt-p0076087.jpg 

2.jpg: Brandless, "Better For People & The planet",  https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1571942646045-93677c6462ef?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1950&q=80 

Above images are noted with free to use.

Other images used here is generated by the problem written by Spica. Everybody can use them, share them and modify them freely.